sorry follow me tell me if you feel me I
think niggas tryna kill them literally
picking holiday tree me keeping it real
and even if I to conceal my friend new
thoughts preocupado he can steal shit
nigga this boat think Nicole turn that
is they used to be real but now to get
your five pitches and try to be strong
and sitting on these on the ball me
listen the road the only DJ that can
call me tossing me on my biology be
warned them drop in the storm and
fucking word to the goal rich reward but
it's blowing you get on a bus alone
Giuliani rubbing my niggas wrong and
then it's all before i leave me to me a
bit meta bitches hustling you freeze
watch me set it niggas don't own it you
can get it better make these gentle
Snickers mad I said the stuff like nigga
we don't cater to your own truck with me
ever-wedded motherfucker that you're
dumb with both bones I'm hard to hold a
sudden block on the early gates welcome
I didn't wanna go to heaven anyway but
my mama got me on my knees with my hands
grip talking libraries the Lord shit
Hail Mary fucker I never knew what I
body in the sewer I father my life suck
a goat spot Blackie mini with it Bobby
gabardine what you expected from the
next to the kitchen wanna see me while
I'm the same motherfucking question my
heart stopped flashing glorious kid a
bad boy swagg Jovians big a rockefeller
like shawn carter we ball game the wrong
harmless the bones parker rapper / armed
robber well y'all be on the quarters for
me ha i be out riding the final shit
money can buy new shoes in a position
that I'm in my prime and diamond shining
all the traps riding bikes all about
every big dream a business card out I go
the nightclub somebody barked out oh cuz
I keep clean I'm large on the street
scene every time I touch makes you hear
all the freaks cream give big gal
harlems finest then they make who hold
it down for chana is how we doing out
here underground really shoot nigga it's
the heat nigger now rewind this
motherfucker unit al-nabi combination